Luna states located in a very beautiful
wine region one of the world's most
isolated wine regions and where a three
hour drive south of Perth we've really
created a wine business around fine food
fine wine and the Arts
so we now export our wines to 30 markets
but the founding philosophy of brewing
right from the start will speak was to
make world-class wine it was our art
series Chardonnay that first put luan on
the international map when decanter
magazine gave its highest recommendation
to our second vintage but we very much
see our role also as bringing together
the most talented individuals within
their field of winemaking viticulture
great chefs and creating a collaborative
team environment each block can give a
different fruit spectrum can give a
different acid profile as well so think
of those blocks and parts of blocks as
being a piece of the puzzle in it and
it's trying to weave those components or
characteristics together we have as a
family noise you know how to had a
strong affinity with the Arts and we
also believe that why making as an
artist follows the science so there's a
strong correlation between great art and
great wine and to be able to represent
our very Australian wines with
Australian art works on the label has
been a great opportunity for us
Chardonnay Stoker a blank canvas as such
you can can take on many formats
I think it's very much truly
expressional off-site and there's a
winemaker it's it's my role to show that
in the bottle absolutely my favorite
place in the world it's just a
combination of absolute beauty in the
landscape great features gorgeous
forests and the collaboration of
wonderful people doing sport amazing
people into our lives it space will has
been great time with family and friends
and it fulfills a lot of our creative
endeavors as well so it's a very special
place for us